Let's say that era analysis has
caused you to decide to focus on
improving your outcome learning
performance on data with
a certain audio tag,
say speech with car
noise in the background.
Let's take a look
at how you can take
a data centric approach
to improving your learning
outcomes performance.
You've heard me speak before
about model centric versus
data centric AI developments.
Here's a little more
detail on what I mean.
With a model centric
view of AI developments,
you would take the
data you have and
then try to work really hard to
develop a model that does as
well as possible on the data
because a lot of
academic research on
AI was driven by researchers,
downloading a benchmark data set
and trying to do well
on that benchmark.
Most academic research
on AI is model centric,
because the benchmark data
set is a fixed quantity.
In this view, model
centric development,
you would hold the data fixed
and iterative the improve.
In this model centric view,
you would hold the data fixed and
iteratively improve
the code or the model.
There's still an
important role to play
in trying to come up
with better models,
but that's a different
view of AI developments
which I think is more useful
for many applications.
Which is to shift a data from
a model centric to what
a data centric view.
In this view, we think of
the quality of the
data as paramount,
and you can use tools
such as era analysis or
data augmentation
to systematically
improve the data quality.
For many applications, I
find that if your
data is good enough,
there are multiple models
that will do just fine.
In this view, you can
instead hold the code
fixed and iteratively
improve the data.
There's a role for model
centric development,
and there's a role for
data centric development.
If you've been used
to model centric
thinking for most of
your experience with
machine learning,
I would urge you to
consider taking a data
centric view as well,
where when you're trying to
improve your learning
outcomes performance,
try asking how can you make
your data set even better?
One of the most important
ways to improve
the quality of a data set
is data augmentation.
Let's go on to the next
video where we'll start
to take a look at
data augmentation.